Reduce missing dimensions to minimal set (#386)
dsgrid/dsgrid: rust/README.md

- **Core algorithm**:
  - Dictionary encoding to u16
  - RoaringBitmap for efficient set operations
  - Parallel pattern expansion with Rayon
  - Closed pattern checking

### Python Wrapper (`dsgrid/rust_ext/__init__.py`)

- User-friendly Python API
- Type hints and documentation
- Error handling

### Integration (`dsgrid/utils/dataset.py`)

- Called from `handle_dimension_association_errors`
- Analyzes missing records parquet file
- Logs top 10 patterns to help debug

## Troubleshooting

### Import Error

```
ImportError: Failed to import minimal_patterns Rust extension
```

**Solution**: Build the extension with `maturin develop --release`

### Build Errors

- Make sure you're in the dsgrid root directory, not `rust/`
- Check Rust version: `rustc --version` (need 1.70+)
- Try cleaning: `cargo clean` then rebuild

### Column Has Too Many Unique Values

```
RuntimeError: Column 'X' has 70000 unique values (max 65535 allowed)
```

**Solution**: The data needs pre-processing to reduce cardinality, or modify
the Rust code to use u32 instead of u16 (contact maintainer)

## Algorithm Details

### Overview of `lib.rs`

> The Rust extension implements a **minimal closed pattern mining** algorithm optimized for finding root causes in datasets with missing dimension records. Given a parquet file where each row represents a missing record combination, it discovers the smallest set of column-value constraints that explain groups of missing rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rust extension implements a **minimal closed pattern mining** algorithm optimized for describing combinations of categorical data in a minimal way, by only listing the dimension records necessary to identify regions of the data where full cross-joins are present. 

Applied to a parquet file where each row represents a missing record combination from a dsgrid (or other) dataset, it discovers the smallest set of column-value constraints that explain groups of missing rows.
```
